Add serverless-bench image (#167)
kyma-project/third-party-images: serverless-bench/README.md

# Serverless-Bench

> This image is based on `locustio/locust` image. It also include a locust test configuration and a simple script to run the test and output the results in json to stdout. The logs are collected via a log sink and is pushed to google big query for further analysis.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Serverless-Bench image is based on the `locustio/locust` image. It also includes a locust test configuration and a simple script to run the test and output the results in JSON to stdout. The logs are collected via a log sink and are pushed to Google Cloud BigQuery for further analysis.  
```
